MTA-6214: 8.0.0 Install guide still points to 7.3 UI and CLI guides (#228)
migtools/mta-documentation: docs/topics/mta-install/con_mta-tools.adoc

= {ProductShortName} tools

[role="_abstract"]
Different {ProductFullName} tools provide assistance in the various stages of your migration and modernization efforts.

You can use the following {ProductShortName} tools for assessing and analyzing your applications:

* *User interface (UI)*
+
By using the user interface for the {ProductName}, you can perform the following tasks:

** Assess the risks involved in containerizing an application for hybrid cloud environments on Red Hat OpenShift.
** Analyze the changes that must be made in the code of an application to containerize the application.

+

> For more information about using the MTA user interface, see link:{mta-URL}/rules_development_guide/index/user_interface_guide/index[User Interface Guide].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about using the MTA user interface, see link:{mta-URL}/configuring_and_managing_the_migration_toolkit_for_applications_user_interface/index[Configuring and managing the Migration Toolkit for Applications user interface].
```

* *Command-line interface (CLI)*
+
The CLI is a command-line tool in the {ProductName} that you can use to assess and prioritize migration and modernization efforts for applications. It provides numerous reports that highlight the analysis without using the other tools. The CLI includes a wide array of customization options. By using the CLI, you can tune {ProductShortName} analysis options or integrate with external automation tools.
+

> For more information about using the CLI, see link:link:{mta-URL}/cli_guide/index[CLI Guide].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about using the CLI, see link:link:{mta-URL}/using_the_mta_command-line_interface_to_analyze_applications/index[Using the MTA command-line interface to analyze applications].
```
